README.md, before:

# Report for Assignment 1

## Project chosen

Name: discord.py

URL: https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py

Number of lines of code and the tool used to count it: 68275 using `lizard discord tests setup.py`

Programming language: Python

## Coverage measurement

### Existing tool

The coverage tool [coverage.py](https://coverage.readthedocs.io/en/7.5.3/) was used for this project.
After installing the dependencies and executing `coverage run -m pytest` we get the following output:
![63781](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/assets/74216566/0962f4e0-a7f4-45c0-ab12-59110c55d6c2)

Running `coverage html` and opening the document in the browser gives the following:
![23724](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/assets/74216566/5991a9ef-81a1-494f-8016-700ee72d375e)
![4629](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/assets/74216566/83bdba3d-9217-4be0-a67c-9ae2f0db3ad9)

### Your own coverage tool

<The following is supposed to be repeated for each group member>

<Group member name>

<Function 1 name>

<Show a patch (diff) or a link to a commit made in your forked repository that shows the instrumented code to gather coverage measurements>

<Provide a screenshot of the coverage results output by the instrumentation>

<Function 2 name>

<Provide the same kind of information provided for Function 1>

Thijmen

flatten_literal_params

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/2afde74ee94eb7e6cdc476356aa41f1ca09d87cf)

![](./assets/flatten_literal_params_custom.png)

\_human_join

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/88c98ebc05c4d67bcdce7d3046ffa786f79b9284)

![](./assets/_human_join_custom.png)

Yasin

_get and _aget

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/017ddcd6bcf0fb838a9e5b3fc427ab7a746ddce6)

![](./assets/_get_custom.png)

## Coverage improvement

### Individual tests

<The following is supposed to be repeated for each group member>

<Group member name>

<Test 1>

<Show a patch (diff) or a link to a commit made in your forked repository that shows the new/enhanced test>

<Provide a screenshot of the old coverage results (the same as you already showed above)>

<Provide a screenshot of the new coverage results>

<State the coverage improvement with a number and elaborate on why the coverage is improved>

<Test 2>

<Provide the same kind of information provided for Test 1>

Thijmen

test_flatten_literal_params

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/18e8104041610c32f9dedff6740688c4d1934550) + [commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/138ca9a4c4b0a5f8fba254271f6b913b80d20b95)

![](./assets/flatten_literal_params_before.png)

![](./assets/flatten_literal_params_after.png)

The coverage improvement is +100%.
The coverage has been improved, because `flatten_literal_params` used to not be tested, while the new `test_flatten_literal_params` considers every branch to be taken.

test\_\_human_join

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/92796db0afb5feff4b51b3c7e4874c2ba0eae7b9)

![](./assets/_human_join_before.png)

![](./assets/_human_join_after.png)

The coverage improvement is +100%.
The coverage has been improved, because `_human_join` used to not be tested, while the new `test__human_join` considers every branch to be taken.

Yasin

test_get_find

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/02cb0d7aebe7c96c9dc6d734c5a6056f08761565)

![](./assets/_get_before.png)

![](./assets/_get_after.png)

The coverage improvement is 88%.
The coverage has been improved, because the previous test_get_find only considered the sync and asyn get with single values. I extended the test so that it tests these functions with multiple attributes as well, this way it currently reaches more branches and therefore the coverage improved. Additionally the previous test did not consider the case where we loop through the array and we don't find the corresponding item we are looking for, we added this case by giving an empty array as argument, which causes the code to not enter the for loop and thus reach more branches.

### Overall

<Provide a screenshot of the old coverage results by running an existing tool (the same as you already showed above)>

<Provide a screenshot of the new coverage results by running the existing tool using all test modifications made by the group>

## Statement of individual contributions

<Write what each group member did>

Commit message:

Test json_or_text (#13)
* Add custom coverage test

* identified and added an aditional mark

* Revert "identified and added an aditional mark"

This reverts commit 17c4a758b69a2f9fed324376e5388e50df7d8089.

* Revert "Add custom coverage test"

This reverts commit c8f9434b7caa2fffe7a4b5d92a5af532f82bfb5e.

* Added test

* Add coverages to report

* solved pr review

README.md, after:

# Report for Assignment 1

## Project chosen

Name: discord.py

URL: https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py

Number of lines of code and the tool used to count it: 68275 using `lizard discord tests setup.py`

Programming language: Python

## Coverage measurement

### Existing tool

The coverage tool [coverage.py](https://coverage.readthedocs.io/en/7.5.3/) was used for this project.
After installing the dependencies and executing `coverage run -m pytest` we get the following output:
![63781](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/assets/74216566/0962f4e0-a7f4-45c0-ab12-59110c55d6c2)

Running `coverage html` and opening the document in the browser gives the following:
![23724](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/assets/74216566/5991a9ef-81a1-494f-8016-700ee72d375e)
![4629](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/assets/74216566/83bdba3d-9217-4be0-a67c-9ae2f0db3ad9)

### Your own coverage tool

<The following is supposed to be repeated for each group member>

<Group member name>

<Function 1 name>

<Show a patch (diff) or a link to a commit made in your forked repository that shows the instrumented code to gather coverage measurements>

<Provide a screenshot of the coverage results output by the instrumentation>

<Function 2 name>

<Provide the same kind of information provided for Function 1>

Thijmen

flatten_literal_params

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/2afde74ee94eb7e6cdc476356aa41f1ca09d87cf)

![](./assets/flatten_literal_params_custom.png)

\_human_join

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/88c98ebc05c4d67bcdce7d3046ffa786f79b9284)

![](./assets/_human_join_custom.png)

Yasin

_get and _aget

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/017ddcd6bcf0fb838a9e5b3fc427ab7a746ddce6)

![](./assets/_get_custom.png)
              
json_or_text

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/c8f9434b7caa2fffe7a4b5d92a5af532f82bfb5e) +
[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/17c4a758b69a2f9fed324376e5388e50df7d8089)
Note: the second commmit is the final instrumentation

![](./assets/json_or_text_custom.png)              

## Coverage improvement

### Individual tests

<The following is supposed to be repeated for each group member>

<Group member name>

<Test 1>

<Show a patch (diff) or a link to a commit made in your forked repository that shows the new/enhanced test>

<Provide a screenshot of the old coverage results (the same as you already showed above)>

<Provide a screenshot of the new coverage results>

<State the coverage improvement with a number and elaborate on why the coverage is improved>

<Test 2>

<Provide the same kind of information provided for Test 1>

Thijmen

test_flatten_literal_params

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/18e8104041610c32f9dedff6740688c4d1934550) + [commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/138ca9a4c4b0a5f8fba254271f6b913b80d20b95)

![](./assets/flatten_literal_params_before.png)

![](./assets/flatten_literal_params_after.png)

The coverage improvement is +100%.
The coverage has been improved, because `flatten_literal_params` used to not be tested, while the new `test_flatten_literal_params` considers every branch to be taken.

test\_\_human_join

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/92796db0afb5feff4b51b3c7e4874c2ba0eae7b9)

![](./assets/_human_join_before.png)

![](./assets/_human_join_after.png)

The coverage improvement is +100%.
The coverage has been improved, because `_human_join` used to not be tested, while the new `test__human_join` considers every branch to be taken.

Yasin

test_get_find

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/02cb0d7aebe7c96c9dc6d734c5a6056f08761565)

![](./assets/_get_before.png)

![](./assets/_get_after.png)

The coverage improvement is 88%.
The coverage has been improved, because the previous test_get_find only considered the sync and asyn get with single values. I extended the test so that it tests these functions with multiple attributes as well, this way it currently reaches more branches and therefore the coverage improved. Additionally the previous test did not consider the case where we loop through the array and we don't find the corresponding item we are looking for, we added this case by giving an empty array as argument, which causes the code to not enter the for loop and thus reach more branches.
  
test_json_or_text

[commit](https://github.com/tthijm/sep/commit/590afe1584d3e8f2dcc0a806202ddd4f2c4d7a69)

![](./assets/json_or_text_before.png)

![](./assets/json_or_text_after.png)

The coverage improvement is 71%.
The coverage has been improved, because the previously there was no test for json_or_text. I now added a test that considers two cases: one where the data is a json and one where the data is plain text. This way we reach two additional branches and thus the coverage improves.

### Overall

<Provide a screenshot of the old coverage results by running an existing tool (the same as you already showed above)>

<Provide a screenshot of the new coverage results by running the existing tool using all test modifications made by the group>

## Statement of individual contributions

<Write what each group member did>
